# gulp react template

### What?
A starter project for *React.js* that uses *gulp 4* as a task manager. It includes a basic page with a router and an example of a home and 404 route. In addition, for the backend it also includes an *express* and *socket.io* implementation, since I've found that I use this combination quite frequently.

### Why?
Since I like *gulp*. It's simple, clean, and very easy to understand and extend.

### How?
Clone the repository and run `npm install` to install the dependencies. After, run `gulp` to build the sample code, which will be deposited into `public/js.ui.js`. To see how it looks, run the built in server using the command `npm start`. Your server should be launched, and you can then access it on `localhost:8080`.

### What tasks are in the gulpfile?

The following tasks are implemented:
* `ui` - the main and default task that takes the *react.js* code and outputs a non-minifed JavaScript bundle file.
* `ui-min` - when you are ready to deploy, this runs the same code as `ui`, only it minifies it at the end and applies the `production` environment.
* `watch` - this task does not end, it watches for changes in any of the JS or JSX files in the `src` directory and runs the `ui` task whenever there is a change.

The following tasks are not meant to be run individually, but only as sub-tasks for the above.

* `ui-babel` - the actual transpilation task, outputs the result in the `tmp` directory.
* `browserify` - takes the transpiled results and creates a single JS file as a result, places it in the `public/js` directory.
* `minify` - takes the `ui.js` file that `browserify` produced and generates a `ui.min.js` file in the same directory. 
* `clean` - deletes the `tmp` directory which contains the intermediate JS files generated by Babel
* `apply-prod-environment` - sets the production environment variable to `production`, used in the minified file.

License: MIT